# Go API client for client

ISO 20022 is an ISO standard for electronic data interchange between financial institutions. It describes a metadata repository containing descriptions of messages and business processes, and a maintenance process for the repository content. The metadata is stored in UML models with a special ISO 20022 UML Profile. The metadata is transformed into the syntax of messages used in financial networks. The first syntax supported for messages was XML Schema. Package ISO20022 implements a message reader and writer written in Go decorated with a HTTP API for creating, parsing, and validating meta data messages. Package ISO20022 supported xml and json format for message
 | Input      | Output     |
 |------------|------------|
 | JSON       | JSON       |
 | XML        | XML        |
 

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
go get github.com/antihax/optional
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import "./client"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://local.moov.io:8208*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Iso20022MessageApi* | [**Convert**](docs/Iso20022MessageApi.md#convert) | **Post** /convert | Convert iso20022 message
*Iso20022MessageApi* | [**Health**](docs/Iso20022MessageApi.md#health) | **Get** /health | health iso20022 service
*Iso20022MessageApi* | [**Print**](docs/Iso20022MessageApi.md#print) | **Post** /print | Print iso20022 message with specific format
*Iso20022MessageApi* | [**Validator**](docs/Iso20022MessageApi.md#validator) | **Post** /validator | Validate iso20022 message


## Documentation For Models

 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Iso20022Document](docs/Iso20022Document.md)
 - [Success](docs/Success.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



## GatewayAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextBasicAuth, sw.BasicAuth{
    UserName: "username",
    Password: "password",
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```



## Author



